	A company intends to build a two-story office building and equip it with the "latest" in elevator technology. The company wants you to develop a Java applet that simulates the operation of the elevator to determine if it will meet their needs.
	
    The elevator, which has a capacity of one person, is designed to conserve energy, so it only moves when necessary. The elevator starts that day waiting with its doors closed on the building’s first floor. The elevator, of course, alternates directions - first up, then down.
	
    Your simulator has a simple graphical user interface - an applet with a single New Person push button. When the button is clicked, the simulator creates a "new" person and places that person on a floor (i.e., floor one or floor two). The arrival floor of the person is randomly determined. The person then presses the floor’s call button. The person’s destination floor is never equal to the floor on which that person is created.
	
    If the first person of the day arrives on floor one, the person can immediately get on the elevator (after pressing the call button, and waiting for the floor doors and the elevator doors to open, of course!). If the first person arrives at floor two, the elevator should proceed to floor two and “pick up” the person. For simplicity, in this version of the simulation, the elevator moves between the floors in zero time. This will be made more realistic in future versions of your elevator applet.
	
    The elevator's arrival at a floor is signaled by turning on a light on that floor above the doors and by ringing the floor bell. The floor button and the elevator button are reset, the elevator’s doors open, the floor's doors open, and the passenger gets out of the elevator. If a passenger is waiting on that floor the passenger boards the elevator and presses a destination button. If the elevator needs to begin moving, it determines in which direction it should go (a simple decision on a two-story elevator!), and begins moving to the other floor. For simplicity, assume that all the events that happen once the elevator reaches a floor and until the floor’s doors are closed, take zero time. The elevator always knows its current floor and its destination floor.
	
    Due to the fact that all events in this version of the simulator take zero time, only one person can be in the simulation at a time. The simulator should process each person completely before the next person arrives in the simulation. In other words, when a person is created, that person should press the call button, be picked up by the elevator, be moved to the opposite floor, and should exit the elevator before the next person walks onto a floor to wait for the elevator.
